
Hello, my name is Anton, I'm 20 years old and I want to work as a Java developer.
At the moment, I am learning the intricacies of the Java programming language, but I already know the basic elements of the language, I have worked with various classes, interfaces, I have GitHub skills and, accordingly, I am familiar with the Git version control system. I know the basics of HTML, SSS and JavaScript, worked with databases (mainly SKL)
I have always been interested in programming, and in particular process automation. I always wondered how to make it work on its own? And I think that programming can answer this question.
I chose the Java language because it seemed to me that this language is basic, perhaps it is a little difficult to learn compared to modern languages, but it is definitely very good from the point of view of effectively learning other languages in the future.
I am not afraid of difficult problems; on the contrary, I happily solve difficult ones. Because the harder the task, the greater the progress. I am not afraid to learn something new and am always open to suggestions, and I can also say that I learn very quickly and easily. I am a very responsible person, and if I am given a task, I will definitely complete it.
I have no experience in IT, but I easily learn new skills and quickly adapt to new conditions, so I think if you give me a little time to get used to it, I will easily fit into the team.
I am simultaneously studying Forensic Biology in Lodz, and since I am a foreigner there, it is not a problem for me to communicate with others in a language convenient for them, namely, I speak Polish and English at a high level.
In my free time, I like to travel and explore the culture of other peoples (I especially like Japanese-Chinese).
I’m also interested in football (Sometimes I watch matches or even run myself)
I want to join your company and work in a team of highly qualified specialists, because I can bring my contribution to the development of this company, and maybe even fresh ideas, as well as improve my own qualifications and continue my professional development.
If you have any questions, I will always help you answer them, you can feel free to write to me and send your questions or suggestions to: kuklinskijanton@gmail.com.
I wish you a good and productive day.
Sincerely, Anton Kuklinsky